I hope people enjoy our social media. The first day of the operation Good morning. Good morning. Can you tell me what can I help you with today? What can I help you with today, doctor? So let's start with the fact that four months ago, here are my papers, all of them, the doctor's instructions, four months ago I had a surgery for a double-sided bulge and I had a concussion, after that I felt very bad, my heart was beating, and now, seven weeks ago, I had a knee prosthesis, seven weeks ago. And I also had a concussion, but much earlier, I was treated by a cardiologist, by Mr. Kowalski, I don't know if you, doctor, know him, but the doctors in Delta wanted to check what was going on with me and they couldn't, there was nothing on the computer. So they advised me to change the doctor, to do all the tests all over again, because we don't know what has been done so far, and just... Okay, but tell me, what is the basic problem? The problem is that sometimes I have pain here, right here in my chest, I know it's the heart, and I don't know what to do. You know it's the heart? Yes, I think so, because I don't know what else it could be. It doesn't have to be the heart. But I know that earlier... I just feel it, I feel it... So you have chest pain, we can sum it up. Yes. I understand, okay. Yes. Do you take any medication? I mean, I take Belsar, I take 10 mg of Belsar, and I have the pressure regulated, so it's okay. Maybe today, a little bit of emotions, it may have jumped up a bit today, because I already had the cinema today, I had osteopathy on my knees today. Do you have a problem with cholesterol? I mean, I don't know, in the hospital, after the surgery, when they did the tests, the results showed that I never had such problems, but it was known, that I was on morphine, after all those insensitive things, it was because I had this prosthesis inserted in my knee. Do you have a problem with cholesterol? I mean, until now, normally, I never had it. Okay. That's the point. Okay. When was the last time you did a blood test? In the hospital, it was a month ago, but they didn't do anything, because it was a lot, a lot of pills, a lot of drugs, so the results were definitely not as they should be. Do you smoke? No, I don't smoke. Did anyone in your family die from a heart attack? No. And did you take Dr. Kowalski's medicine for the pain in the chest? Yes. And what did he say? Well, I've been taking medicine for many years, I used to take Diovan, such a medicine, some of those, but later, later, somehow, it all stopped. I just stopped taking these medicines, but it was a long time ago. And there were simply no studies what was done to me. And I had done with Mr. Kowalski, I mean, I know one thing, that I definitely had some platelets here in the tendons, so these platelets here, somewhere I had some ... In the tendons of the neck? Yes. So you don't have it all? Yes. So it was definitely ... And you didn't give anything for cholesterol? Excuse me? You didn't give anything for cholesterol? No, not at the moment. No, no, no, no, no. But it was, I say it was a long time ago, I mean, the last time, I did it a few months ago, but there are no such studies anywhere, nowhere. So in the computer, the doctors wanted to check it before the surgery and it just wasn't there. So I was advised to just change the doctor and that's it. And I would like to check all this to know if it is OK or not OK. I understand. Since when do you have this pain? I mean, after this surgery. Well, after the surgery, it started, it will be four months already, because it was the first surgery here, in this hospital, I just had ... For example, you were with Wiśniewski earlier, right? Earlier, yes, yes. And then you also had pain. Yes, but it was a few years ago, these visits every six months, these visits to Mr. Wiśniewski, to the doctor, were every six months, every year, it was different there. Even every few years, well, it was a lot of years ago. OK. We'll do a few tests then. OK. If you could, Mrs. Kowalska, take off the top and lie down here on your back. OK, good. And now I'm not working, so there is an opportunity that when a person works, that there is no time for such things, because health is always at the end. Can you just take this paper down a little bit? Excuse me? This paper on this bed, if you could, Mrs. Kowalska, take it down a little bit. From here, right? Good. OK. OK. And now turn the paper to the left. A little bit to the right of the wall. A little bit to the left. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Is that all? Yes, that's all. I don't see anything wrong here. Pain in the chest may result from various things. This is not necessarily the heart. However, if you had a plate in the neck vessels, I will send you something called a vascular vessel scanner. Computer tomography. Thanks to this, we will be able to see if there is any problem in the heart. However, it would be good if the family doctor would also do a cholesterol level test. Okay. Because this may also be a problem. If you already have plates in the neck vessels, you may need to lower the cholesterol level. Yes, good morning. I don't see anything terrible here. And there is nothing reduced in the heart? Because I remember something there, Dr. Wiśniewski, there is some tumor, something reduced, I don't know. There is nothing there? I don't see anything special in any case. However, the most important thing is to do this test. Yes. Please make an appointment for minus two, there is a radiologist there. For minus two. Okay. Okay. How much do you weigh now? Ninety-five. You have to lose a little weight. Yes, I know, but I am now at the back of this hospital, I have been without work for four months, without this, I gained a few kilograms. Yes, yes, this is a bit too much, I know. This is quite a lot, too much. You have the back of the second degree, 35 BMI. Yes? Yes, this is something you have to address quite calmly, because then there will really be problems with this title. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do you have any questions? Belsar can write it down, by the way, I will have it, or maybe the doctor will write it down for me? Belsar. You can wait a moment. Well, cool. Okay, so now minus two and an appointment for it, and then here to you. Okay. Do you measure blood pressure at home? Yes. How relatively regularly do you take this pressure? Good, good. Ten, right, for Belsar? Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you. All the best. Thank you. Goodbye. Goodbye.